Question 2: What type of restaurants do each city have the most of/prefer and do the number of reviews impact the ratings of these restaurants?

The null hypothesis: The number of reviews a restaurant has has no impact on the ratings of the restaurant.

After cleaning the data of both Toronto and Vancouver Yelp data, the data was sorted by price range. By doing this, 
we can see that most of the restaurants in both cities have a price range of two dollar signs($$). 
After doing some research on the internet, yelp categorises their price range with dollar signs. 
These dollar signs indicate a price range of the restaurant's menu items: 
$ = less than 10 dollars, $$ = between 11-30 dollars, $$$ = between 31-60 dollars, and $$$$ = more than 60 dollars.

In both cities most restaurants are in the mid range category of between 11-30 dollars. 
By cleaning the data even more, the top ten categories of restaurants are used for this analysis. 
rom the data, we can safely say that Vancouver has the most mid-range Japanese restaurants.
Where as in Toronto, there are two categories of restaurants, Italian and Japanese. 

From the generated box plots of both cities, we can see that the average number of reviews in Toronto is around 250 and in Vancouver is a little bit below 250.  
For restaurants that have a rating of 4, both cities have the most amount of reviews within that rating. 
We can also see that the whiskers of all the boxes within both cities are either in the middle or lower than the median, 
meaning that most of the restaurants either have around 250 reviews or less. We can also see all the outliers within the data. 
These outliers that have a lot of reviews and high ratings indicate that these restaurants are very popular within their city. 
Since both p-values of both cities are greater than 0.1, this means that the evidence for the question
"Does the number of reviews affect the rating of a restaurant?" is very weak. In conclusion, the number of reviews a restaurant does not affect the rating a restaurant has on Yelp.
